Hi, everyone.
In this letter, we are going to go over the JavaScript, part of the model project.
All right, so first off, let's talk about how we want to accomplish this, right, because now now
we are talking about JavaScript and this course is about JavaScript.
So we are going to dive very deeply into creating all of our projects.
All right.
So what do we want to do with this project?
We want to be able to, whenever we collect this, find out more button to see that model or that Pop-Up.
So when I click on it, we see something.
All right.
And we have already coded the e-mail and the access, but the JavaScript part is remaining.
So first off, what I want to do is I want to grab this button, all right, because I want to apply
an event on it.
And what is that event?
That event is a click event, because when I click on this, basically, we want to do two things.
When we click on that button, we want to see the model and when we click on the close button, we want
to close the model.
All right, so first off, let's go ahead and let's grab the open button.
So I'm just going to call it Open Vitton with the camel case in JavaScript.
And we are going to say document that query selector.
We are going to select it through our query selector method.
All right.
Query, where is it?
Here it is, and now it's coming to our e-mail.
We are going to selected by its class, which is which is open.
So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to go ahead and pass in here a class, if you want to check
out if you that you have successfully grabbed that that element that you want to grab as you can just
go ahead and log it to the console.
So if we come here, we are going to see that, yes, we have successfully grabbed it.
And this is our but.
Right.
So this is one way that you can check for it.
The next thing that I want to do is whenever I click this button and the model pops up.
So the model has a model container.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab the model container, because if you'll recall from our
success, we have said opacity zero and pointer events none to our model container.
Right.
So we are going to grab our model container as well.
Const I'm just going to call it the same thing.
But in JavaScript convention it is model container and we are going to say document that query selector.
What, what is that query selector and we are going to grab it by its class which is Model Dasch container.
All right, so this is these are the two things we need one more thing, and that is the close.
But so whenever we click on the close button, the model goes away.
So we are we need to grab the close button as well.
I'm just going to call it close B10 and document that query selector and what is the class for it.
Let's take a look at it.
It's model button.
I'm just going to put it right here.
All right, so now we have successfully selected our elements that we want to apply JavaScript on.
All right.
So what is the first thing that we want to do?
The first thing that we want to do is whenever we click this button, we want to see the model.
So we are going to select our open button and we are going to add an event listener to it because we
are listening for an event by the user.
And when the user clicks, we want to run a function.
Right, and what does the function is going to do so whenever the user clicks this button, the moral
container is going to appear?
Right.
So I'm going to grab the moral container or I'm going to say class list dot ad and we are going to add
what class?
We are going to add the class of show from Cyesis.
This dynamic class and this dynamic class has two events it sorry, two properties in it opacity one
and to events auto.
And when we say that, let's go ahead and let's click on it and now we can see our model, but still
this close button doesn't work.
So when we see our model, we want to be able to not see it as well so we can go ahead and refresh than
the model is going to go web.
But we need a better way.
We need a more dynamic way.
So.
Whenever we click on the close button, we want to get rid of the model.
All right.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab the close button.
Close button, and we are going to say an event listener, right, and what is it that we are listening
for?
It is a click and when the click happens, we are going to run a function.
And what is the function going to do?
The function is going to grab our model container and it is going to articulate it is going to remove
the class on what is the class that we want to remove.
It is the class of show because when we remove this class from the model container, OK, and when this
is commented out, when we remove, it means it is commented out.
And when this is commented out, what styles are applied again, the opacity, none is applied again,
so the model disappears.
So now when I click on it, so you know what, I'm just going to comment these and so they work.
So when I click on this, find out more, we are going to see the model.
But when I click on the close, the model is going to disappear because the opacity is going to go from
one to zero.
Right.
So this is how this project actually works, and if you're still unsure about any part of this project.
You can go ahead and check out the thewe report that we have covered.
You can check out you can go ahead and check out the dumb or the functions and like, go ahead.
Like just a quick review of, like, how we can apply functions, what aren't even listeners.
I have covered them thoroughly in their respective chapters.
And if you do not want to check them out, that's cool as well.
You can go ahead and move forward and we are going to do a ton of dumb in this course.
So after like a couple of projects, you're going to get the hang of everything.
And the way that I explain this and the way we structure our code.
So this is it for this project.
It was a rather simple one.
We have a lot of simple projects intermediate and we also do have some pretty advanced projects.
All right.
But whatever until we get there, these projects, they lay the foundation for those intermediate and
advanced level projects.
So again, once more.
That's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.